hello and welcome everyone this is type
v3 with an SRC review of what's arguably
the most important super robot of them
all Mazinger Z piloted by Kabuto Koji
and forth from chogokin itself this is
the classic gonna guy hero that
influenced an entire genre originally
released back in 2010 as the first entry
in the then all-new super robot chogokin
toy line Bandai made sure to put their
best foot forward with this Maz on your
figure and it shows everything about its
look and feel scream premium in quality
the overall sculpt remains faithful to
the anime and the paint work has been
precisely applied resulting in crisp and
clean lines a combination of metallic
metal flake and high gloss finishes were
used and give off a delicious appearance
when hit with light the head sculpt is
wonderful and I love how the inside of
it was painted a flat black a removable
hover pilar is great too though I do
wish the red paint or metallic and
finish now there are some disappointing
areas to this figure mold flash exists
on the inner seams of the thighs and I
think the design of the shoulder joint
definitely conflicts with the smooth
looking line work that the torso is
going for however these are both minor
complaints to what I believe is the most
distracting feature of them all the four
visible screws and Maz inners back
especially the two silver ones on the
waist certainly not the most impressive
section to this toy standing at just
over 5 inches tall ma zinger is fairly
small but he does make up for that with
his diecast content the chest lower legs
and some of the joints are metal and
will surely give you that cool feel of
super alloy Zed and not only does he
feel cool he also feels very compact and
feels like this good weighty
action figure with a lot of presence in
terms of articulation though it's very
it's similar to what we've seen from the
SRC lineup so you've got the great
emotive range of that head these
shoulders are on actually there's
they're different they're on more like
sh figuarts style ball jaw with in a
ball joint shoulders
whereas newer SRC s have the swing out
arm that i think looks better and works
better this goes with an older styling
that has that sort of cutaway feature
which is it does the job but it's it's
definitely not as good as the newer
renditions everything else is pretty
much the same though i mean you got the
great torso joint with the
extendable click although it's not as
extending as I thought it would be the
arms are a single joint but they are
collapsible here so you can get some
good range ball jointed wrists the
pulldown hip the collapsible section
panel here for the knee and the ball
jointed foot which actually can't pull
down to extend even more so on the
articulation front if you were to
compare this to say the newer shin
Mazinger he doesn't quite hold up to the
2d successor here but he does pretty
good for his age
the one thing I will say is that there
are parts that seem kind of loose I
don't know if it's actually loose though
I mean like this arm for example it's
really easy to nudge and and and move
around but the thing is it'll stay where
I want it to stay but see that it kind
of just falls out the hips the hips
aren't loose at all but they're very
again they're very easy to nudge and I
just don't know if that's gonna get
worse over time or if that's just how
the the qualities of this figure now he
also comes with a tamashii stage adapter
which you can just plug right here and
then you can put it on a tamashii stage
and then from here he can he can post
now this is one because he's small and
he's the one of the few SR C's that can
actually use a tamashii stage and not
fall off erratically or just he let's
just say he's safe sitting there and
finally he also can benefit from the
crossover doing feature I mean you can't
switch up the arms and he does have the
peg hole and in his back to put on any
sort of backpacking shoes so yeah there
you go good pose ability but just not
quite as awesome as his successor Maas
here comes with fists for beating on bad
guys as well as open palms which come
off a little creepy you also get a pair
of gripping hands to wield the Mosel or
blade it's chrome and gold finish may be
simple but it looks great nonetheless
the next item in the box is the right
arm only reinforced rocket punch which
also has its own fist in open palm
attachment as simple as all you do is
slide it over Mazdas arm it's definitely
an awesome accessory though due to its
larger construction
elbow articulation is somewhat hindered
as for other accessories well that's
kind of it no effect parts for the iron
cutter rust hurricane or even the famous
breast fire though to be completely
honest I can't say I'm even the
slightest bit surprised or even
disappointed because ultimately super
robot chogokin muslin or Zedd retails
for a modest $35 and when compared to
other figures of similar price I'd say
you're getting an equal amount of value
in the box much more when you consider
that this is a diecast action figure now
I'll admit I much prefer the modern
stylings of the SRC shin mazinger's ed
and on paper it's probably the better
package overall but this ma zinger this
is the one you want it's the first the
original the one laced with history and
has a story to tell I've always been a
firm believer that there's a handful of
robots that should be represented in
every toy collection and mozzie rosette
is easily one of them so if you've ever
wanted a relatively inexpensive way to
portray this iconic character on your
shelf in physical form then look no
further than this super robot chogokin
release I can't recommend this one
enough anyways this has been tight v3
thanks for watching and I hope you
enjoyed this review of course this
Maziar isn't quite complete and is in
dire need of a crucial add-on